Welcome - PESwim LLC           3/21/19
--------------------------------------

#### <hdunn.id@gmail.com>   [github](https://github.com/HBDunn)   [slack](https://hdunn.slack.com)

HOWARD B. DUNN

Registered Professional Chemical Engineer (Idaho & Colorado)

### Software Experience

##### [Only](https://github.com/HBDunn/rnstruct) Google Play Ready - Published React-React-Native 58.4 Webpack Typescript Jest Travis-CI

\| \|\| \| \| \| \| Javascript \| html \| node-js \| windows \| codecov
\| \| *Typescript* \| css \| apache \| ubuntu64 \| snykio\| \| Python \|
flex \| django \| trusty64 \| docker \|\
\| IronPython \| cssGrid \| OAuth \|xenial \| travisCI \| \| VB.Net \|
bootstrap \| \|centos \| webpack \| \| sql \| react \|axios \| android
(iOS) \| mocha \| \| postgis \| react-native \| fetch \| \| jest \| \|
C\# C++ Fortran90+ \| \| \| \|

Atom, VSCode, Visual Studio, vi, Spyder, Notepad++, Vagrant, Virtualbox,
Bash

Excel, MS Office Suite, MS-DOS, MS Project

AutoCAD 14 Civil3D, Wonderware, Labview, Geomodeller, SGems

### Experience

A 28-year career associated with technical projects, where a significant
portion of time has been developing client/project specific computer
code. Expertise in team leadership, product marketing, and both project
and capital expenditures finance. A passion for coding has resulted in
interest to focus intently on applying my expertise software application
projects.

### Recent Coding

\| \|\| \| \| \| \|Android/iOS/Web\| React-Native 58.4 \|
[rnstruct](https://github.com/HBDunn/rnstruct) \| *2019* \| APK
implemented, Sign and & Google Play Deploy.\| \|Mobile/Node\| React
\|\|*2019* \| client(private) - small codebase refactor.\|
\|Mobile/Desktop\|C\#/IronPython
\|[DWSIM](http://dwsim.inforside.com.br/wiki/index.php?title=Main_Page)
- [IpyBuilder](https://hbdunn.github.io/ipybuilder/) \|*2018*\| debug &
graphics addon\| \|Desktop \|Python \| HEROx \|*2016*\| 1Tb data learn -
PCA - kDtrees - NN \| \|Desktop\| Python\|
[Fatiando](https://www.fatiando.org/) \|*2016*\| geophysics - gravity
model update\| \|web qml\| javascript \|qml web\|*2015*\| depreicated
fork of web qml \|

\#\#\# Managment High-Lights

 

Comfortable reporting to high profile board of directors, corporate
officers, managers.Secured positive results with \$6.5 million in
advance financing (2010-2015).

 

Five years working in South America (FIFO 3-4 weeks), Bolivia, Paraguay,
Argentina (2007-2012).

 

Since 1989, awarded multiple government R&D grants as principal
investigator with Department of Defense (DOD), Defense Advanced Research
Project Agency (DARPA), NASA, and Department of Energy (DOE).

 

Major Software Deliverable - Visual Basic Desktop-GUI. Department of
Defense materials analysis at hypersonic speeds.

\#\#\# Positions *(Each position required database/application
programming)*

\- Principle Engineer 2000-2019

-- Program Manager - consultant 2011-2015

 

Process flow sheet and identification of unique mineralogy lead to a
successful extraction approach and multi-million dollar funding. Work
involved a team of 16 individuals and subcontractors. Coordinated
reporting, QA/QC, and maintenance of chain of custody. Secure database
3D geospatial-data - Python.

(US Rare Earths)\] -- Mineral Valuation consultant 2010-2011

\- Lead R&D operations engineer consultant 2000-2003

 

A 1600MT/yr plant, Wonderware HMI for DCS control, to re-refined waste
lubricating oil into petroleum naphtha and diesel products. Awarded \$2
million DOE cost share grant.

-- Operations and Development consultant 2007-2011

 

Escala Mining Concession & La Joya mine (Bolivia), completed development
review and spot sampling program for a lease concession and heap leach
expansion to 500 tpd. Process design used to generate a financial model
resulted in a several million dollar JV finance and development
agreement.

-- Officer 2002-2006

 

Licensed European acid oil process and completed oil-based biodiesel
plant design, PD & PID drawings using AutoCAD. Completed initial
financing, project valuation, and site permitting, and leasing.
VB.net/COM Crypto Desktop App for Excel enhanced security.

\- Senior Program Manager 1996-2000:

(NASA, DOD, Aerospace Industry subcontractor)

 

Managed a team(s) of production chemists and optical scientists
producing high-performance optical instruments, coatings, and ceramic
materials used in high-tech and aerospace applications. Project research
and development grant writing awards \>\$2.5 million as a program
manager or Principal Investigator for government and industry-funded R&D
programs.

\- Principle Investigator, Advanced Materials R&D 1991-1996

 

Supervised technical personnel, negotiated subcontracts and
subcontractors. Chemical processing, specialty optical coatings, and
thin film processing resulted in government grant awards and sale of
technology.

\- Operations Supervisor/Engineer Independent Contractor 1990-1991

 

Operations Supervisor, 150 tpd vapor extraction pilot plant. Project
lead, develop statistical sampling methods and program Motorola PLC and
computerized data loggers for control.CPR, OSHA, NIOSH, CERCLA, RCLA,
and environmental hazardous waste and spill monitoring-training
certified.

, CSM - Research Associate (Thesis) 1988-1989

 

Independent research grant award to define the superconducting phase
equilibrium diagram and enhance current processing techniques. Developed
new ceramic processing process. XRD Analysis Desktop App GUI - Basic

(STL of Denver) Chemical Analyst III 1987-1989

 

Lead analyst completed over 50 separate inorganic and organic chemical
analyses related to EPA CLP QA/QC regulated water and sediment analysis.
ICP, AA, and FTIR experience. Lean manufacturing.

\- Associate Engineer & Project Manager, 1985-1995

 

Program manager and construction supervisor for design-construction of
slope stabilization, and tunnel, dam design. Fortran77 FEM Desktop.

, G.E. Dept. - Research Assistant, Computer programming - Basic
1984-1985

### Education & Registrations/Memberships

\- Metallurgical Engineering, Colorado School of Mines Golden, CO 1989

\- Geological Engineering, Colorado School of Mines Golden, CO 1985

Registered Professional Chemical Engineer; Colorado, July 1996; Idaho,
February 2001.

Travel - South America, Asia (China, Thailand, Japan, Malaysia),
Australia, Africa & Europe.

Working Knowledge of Spanish.

Mechanical aptitude and D.O.T. Cert. driver (2017).

• HAZWOPER, MSHA, CPR re/certification as required.
